README.md, before:

# Risotto

## 📖 Table of Contents

## Features at a Glance

### LINQ Operators

<details>
    <summary> View Operators </summary>

#### AllEqual

Checks if all elements in a sequence are equal. 
This operator can be provided with a custom predicate to perform on all elements of the sequence before the equality check.

This method has 4 overloads.

#### AllUnique

Checks if all elements in the sequence are unique. This operator can be provided with a custom predicate to apply on all elements of the sequence, before the uniqueness check.

This method has 2 overloads.

#### AtLeast

Determines whether or not the number of elements in the sequence is greater than or equal to the given integer.

#### AtMost

Determines whether or not the number of elements in the sequence is less than or equal to the given integer.
    
#### Attempt

Asserts that all elements of a sequence meet a given condition otherwise throws an exception.

This method has 2 overloads.

#### Bifurcate

Splits values into two groups, based on the result of the given filtering function.

#### Chunk

Batches the source sequence into sized chunks.

This method has 2 overloads.

#### Compact

 Remove all elements that are considered "falsy" by the provided predicate.

 This method has 2 overloads.

#### Purge

Completely consumes the given sequence. This method uses immediate execution and doesn't store any data.

</details>

Commit message:

:sparkles: Add Transform (#12)
* :sparkles: [feat] Add Transform

* :white_check_mark: [test] Add Transform tests

* :memo: [docs] Update README.md

Co-authored-by: kkalafatis <kkalafatis@novibet.com>

README.md, after:

# Risotto

## 📖 Table of Contents

## Features at a Glance

### LINQ Operators

<details>
    <summary> View Operators </summary>

#### AllEqual

Checks if all elements in a sequence are equal. 
This operator can be provided with a custom predicate to perform on all elements of the sequence before the equality check.

This method has 4 overloads.

#### AllUnique

Checks if all elements in the sequence are unique. This operator can be provided with a custom predicate to apply on all elements of the sequence, before the uniqueness check.

This method has 2 overloads.

#### AtLeast

Determines whether or not the number of elements in the sequence is greater than or equal to the given integer.

#### AtMost

Determines whether or not the number of elements in the sequence is less than or equal to the given integer.
    
#### Attempt

Asserts that all elements of a sequence meet a given condition otherwise throws an exception.

This method has 2 overloads.

#### Bifurcate

Splits values into two groups, based on the result of the given filtering function.

#### Chunk

Batches the source sequence into sized chunks.

This method has 2 overloads.

#### Compact

 Remove all elements that are considered "falsy" by the provided predicate.

 This method has 2 overloads.

#### Purge

Completely consumes the given sequence. This method uses immediate execution and doesn't store any data.

#### Transform

Transfoorms all of the elements in the sequence and returns the transformed results.

</details>
